GraphQL: Add RMA mutations (#8258)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.4/graphql/mutations/request-return.md

---
group: graphql
title: requestReturn mutation
ee_only: true
---

The `requestReturn` mutation initiates a buyer's request to return an item for replacement or refund. The merchant subsequently decides whether to accept or reject the request.

The following examples illustrate how to retrieve the order ID and item ID values needed to run the `requestReturn` mutation:

*  [Retrieve a summary of the customer's order history]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/queries/customer.html#order-history)
*  [Retrieve detailed information about a specific order]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/queries/customer.html#order-details)

{:.bs-callout-info}
Use the [`storeConfig` query]({{page.baseurl}}/graphql/queries/store-config.html) with the `returns_enabled` attribute to determine whether returned merchandise authorization (RMAs) are enabled.

## Syntax

```graphql
mutation {
requestReturn(input: RequestReturnInput!): RequestReturnOutput
}
```

## Example usage

> The following example requests a product return. At this point, the merchant hasn't taken action, but the response acknowledges the request was received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example requests a product return. At this point, the merchant has not taken action, but the response acknowledges the request was received.
```

            "text": "I want to return the shirt because I don't like the texture of the fabric",
            "created_at": "2020-11-19 18:20:28"
          }
        ],
        "customer": {
          "firstname": "Bob",
          "lastname": "Loblaw",
          "email": "test1@example.com"
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```

## Input attributes

The `requestReturn` mutation requires the following input.

Attribute |  Data Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`comment_text` | String | Text the buyer entered that describes the reason for the refund request
`contact_email` | String | An email address the buyer enters to receive notifications about the status of the return
`items`| [RequestReturnItemInput!]! |An array of items to be returned
`order_uid` | ID! | The encoded order ID containing an item to be returned

### RequestReturnItemInput attributes {#RequestReturnItemInput}

The RequestReturnItemInput object

Attribute |  Data Type | Description
--- | --- | ---
`entered_custom_attributes`| [EnteredCustomAttributeInput!] | Contains details about a custom attribute that was entered, such as text or a file
`order_item_uid` | ID! | The encoded ID of the order item to be returned

> `quantity_to_return` | Float! | The quantity of the item to be returned")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`quantity_to_return` | Float! | The quantity of the item to be returned
```
